Does Senior Official Jiang want this document?
Show up at the leader's table tomorrow
Just taking care of your lover
It's enough to ruin your reputation
Plus the embezzled amount.
I'll expose this.
I'm afraid you won't be able to get out for the rest of your life
Du Chen, as long as you are willing to destroy the documents
I promise to get someone out of here right away
Never bother you again
You have something on me
What right do you have to negotiate terms with me?
What do you want?
The senior officials are well maintained
After all these years, it has still survived
How dare you destroy the document?
Destroy documents
Why destroy this file I can eat it for the rest of my life
Aren't you afraid that I will fish to death with you?
Think before you speak
Do you have this strength?
Good Du Chen
I know you have a holiday with the Du family
As long as you are willing to destroy the documents
I can help you.
Hahaha, it's just to deal with the Du family.
This price is too cheap
What do you want?
in comparison
I am more interested in Mrs. Jiang
I have already investigated
Early bereavement and no son
Been busy with business for so many years
That's why you adopted Qin Yong
Become your own godson
Helping the Qin family everywhere
I want to be his godfather
That's not too much.